Congratulations finishing this section.
Very well done.
I love going on the forum and seeing the animations it really brings things to life so keep it going
keep it sharing on the phone.
Really really fun to see.
And it's amazing the transformation we've gone from having a simple bouncing ball coming off well.
In fact just colours changing to this wonderful dungeon that you guys are putting together now.
It's amazing the transformation.
So now you got these animation skills.
My first challenge to you is to go back to the emoji section I know sometimes we call them a mojie sometimes
with emoticons.
Frankly we didn't know the difference till recently.
But go back to the emoji section and animator them use the skills you've learned makes an animated emerges.
Why come up on the forum start using medder be fun.
And then of course move on and do the game icons too it's important that you really hone your skills
and reinforce them so having your animated game icons whether it's some lightning striking or whatever
you feel like doing.
Absolutely.
And never thought for you.
So maybe the animations we've made so far quite sure and made quite frantic.
Here's an idea and maybe you go back and apply to those action icons and Michael mentioned earlier.
Oh they can make a blinking eye that I could blink once every 10 seconds.
Don't be afraid to make a longer animations with periods of stillness in them and introduce a bit of
variety to pause just like a comedic pause or a pause in a public speech or pausing music or pause on
the big dog.
Maybe so remember to keep up the momentum here.
And of course we'll see you all in the next section.